docs/metrics.md, before:

# Metrics

## Table of Contents

* [Kubernetes Source](#kubernetes-source)
* [Kubernetes State Source](#kubernetes-state-source)
* [Prometheus Source](#prometheus-source)
* [Systemd Source](#systemd-source)
* [Telegraf Source](#telegraf-source)
* [Collector Health](#collector-health-metrics)
* [cAdvisor Metrics](#cadvisor-metrics)
* [Control Plane Metrics](#control-plane-metrics)

## Kubernetes Source

These metrics are collected from the `/stats/summary` endpoint on each [kubelet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kubelet/) running on a node.

Metrics collected per resource:

| Resource | Metrics |
|----------|---------|
| Cluster | CPU, Memory, Pod/Container counts |
| Namespace | CPU, Memory, Pod/Container counts |
| Nodes | CPU, Memory, Network, Filesystem, Storage, Uptime, Pod/Container counts |
| Pods | CPU, Memory, Network, Filesystem, Storage, Uptime, Restarts, Phase |
| Pod_Containers | CPU, Memory, Filesystem, Storage, Accelerator, Uptime, Restarts, Status |
| System_Containers | CPU, Memory, Uptime |

Metrics collected per type:

| Metric Name | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| cpu.limit | CPU hard limit in millicores. |
| cpu.node_capacity | CPU capacity of a node. |
| cpu.node_allocatable | CPU allocatable of a node in millicores. |
| cpu.node_reservation | Share of CPU that is reserved on the node allocatable in millicores. |
| cpu.node_utilization | CPU utilization as a share of node allocatable in millicores. |
| cpu.request | CPU request (the guaranteed amount of resources) in millicores. |
| cpu.usage | Cumulative amount of consumed CPU time on all cores in nanoseconds. |
| cpu.usage_rate | CPU usage on all cores in millicores. |
| cpu.usage_millicores | CPU usage (sum of all cores) averaged over the sample window in millicores. |
| cpu.load | CPU load in milliloads, i.e., runnable threads * 1000. |
| memory.limit | Memory hard limit in bytes. |
| memory.major_page_faults | Number of major page faults. |
| memory.major_page_faults_rate | Number of major page faults per second. |
| memory.node_capacity | Memory capacity of a node. |
| memory.node_allocatable | Memory allocatable of a node. |
| memory.node_reservation | Share of memory that is reserved on the node allocatable. |
| memory.node_utilization | Memory utilization as a share of memory allocatable based on memory.working_set. |
| memory.page_faults | Number of page faults. |
| memory.page_faults_rate | Number of page faults per second. |
| memory.request | Memory request (the guaranteed amount of resources) in bytes. |
| memory.usage | Total memory usage. |
| memory.cache | Cache memory usage. |
| memory.rss | RSS memory usage. |
| memory.working_set | Total working set usage. Working set is the memory being used and not easily dropped by the kernel. |
| network.rx | Cumulative number of bytes received over the network. |
| network.rx_errors | Cumulative number of errors while receiving over the network. |
| network.rx_errors_rate | Number of errors while receiving over the network per second. |
| network.rx_rate | Number of bytes received over the network per second. |
| network.tx | Cumulative number of bytes sent over the network. |
| network.tx_errors | Cumulative number of errors while sending over the network. |
| network.tx_errors_rate | Number of errors while sending over the network. |
| network.tx_rate | Number of bytes sent over the network per second. |
| filesystem.usage | Total number of bytes consumed on a filesystem. |
| filesystem.limit | The total size of filesystem in bytes. |
| filesystem.available | The number of available bytes remaining in a the filesystem. |
| filesystem.inodes | The number of available inodes in a the filesystem. |
| filesystem.inodes_free | The number of free inodes remaining in a the filesystem. |
| ephemeral_storage.limit | Local ephemeral storage hard limit in bytes. |
| ephemeral_storage.request | Local ephemeral storage request (the guaranteed amount of resources) in bytes. |
| ephemeral_storage.usage | Total local ephemeral storage usage. |
| ephemeral_storage.node_capacity | Local ephemeral storage capacity of a node. |
| ephemeral_storage.node_allocatable | Local ephemeral storage allocatable of a node. |
| ephemeral_storage.node_reservation | Share of local ephemeral storage that is reserved on the node allocatable. |
| ephemeral_storage.node_utilization | Local ephemeral utilization as a share of ephemeral storage allocatable. |
| accelerator.memory_total | Memory capacity of an accelerator. |
| accelerator.memory_used | Memory used of an accelerator. |
| accelerator.duty_cycle | Duty cycle of an accelerator. |
| accelerator.request | Number of accelerator devices requested by container. eg. nvidia.com.gpu.request |
| uptime  | Number of milliseconds since the container was started. |
| <cluster, ns, node>.pod.count | Pod counts by cluster, namespaces and nodes. |
| <cluster, ns, node>.pod_container.count | Container counts by cluster, namespaces and nodes. |

## Kubernetes State Source

These are cluster level metrics about the state of Kubernetes objects collected by the Collector leader instance.

| Resource | Metric Name | Description |
|----------|---------|-------------|
| Deployment | deployment.desired_replicas | Number of desired pods. |
| Deployment | deployment.available_replicas | Total number of available pods (ready for at least minReadySeconds). |
| Deployment | deployment.ready_replicas | Total number of ready pods. |
| Replicaset | replicaset.desired_replicas | Number of desired replicas. |
| Replicaset | replicaset.available_replicas | Number of available replicas (ready for at least minReadySeconds). |
| Replicaset | replicaset.ready_replicas | Number of ready replicas. |
| ReplicationController | replicationcontroller.desired_replicas | Number of desired replicas. |
| ReplicationController | replicationcontroller.available_replicas | Number of available replicas (ready for at least minReadySeconds). |
| ReplicationController | replicationcontroller.ready_replicas | Number of ready replicas. |
| Daemonset | daemonset.desired_scheduled | Total number of nodes that should be running the daemon pod. |
| Daemonset | daemonset.current_scheduled | Number of nodes that are running at least 1 daemon pod and are supposed to run the daemon pod. |
| Daemonset | daemonset.misscheduled | Number of nodes that are running the daemon pod, but are not supposed to run the daemon pod. |
| Daemonset | daemonset.ready | Number of nodes that should be running the daemon pod and have one or more of the daemon pod running and ready. |
| Statefulset | statefulset.desired_replicas | Number of desired replicas. |
| Statefulset | statefulset.current_replicas | Number of Pods created by the StatefulSet controller from the StatefulSet version indicated by currentRevision.
| Statefulset | statefulset.ready_replicas | Number of Pods created by the StatefulSet controller that have a Ready Condition. |
| Statefulset | statefulset.updated_replicas | Number of Pods created by the StatefulSet controller from the StatefulSet version indicated by updateRevision. |
| Job | job.active | Number of actively running pods. |
| Job | job.failed | Number of pods which reached phase Failed. |
| Job | job.succeeded | Number of pods which reached phase Succeeded. |
| Job | job.completions | Desired number of successfully finished pods the job should be run with. -1.0 indicates the value was not set. |
| Job | job.parallelism | Maximum desired number of pods the job should run at any given time. -1.0 indicates the value was not set. |
| CronJob | cronjob.active | Number of currently running jobs. |
| HorizontalPodAutoscaler | hpa.desired_replicas | Desired number of replicas of pods managed by this autoscaler as last calculated by the autoscaler. |
| HorizontalPodAutoscaler | hpa.min_replicas | Lower limit for the number of replicas to which the autoscaler can scale down. |
| HorizontalPodAutoscaler | hpa.max_replicas | Upper limit for the number of replicas to which the autoscaler can scale up. |
| HorizontalPodAutoscaler | hpa.current_replicas | Current number of replicas of pods managed by this autoscaler, as last seen by the autoscaler. |
| Node | node.status.condition | Status of all running nodes. |
| Node | node.spec.taint | Node taints (one metric per node taint). |
| Node | node.info | Detailed node information (kernel version, kubelet version etc). |

## Prometheus Source

Varies by scrape target.

## Systemd Source

These are Linux systemd metrics that can be collected by each Collector instance.

| Metric Name | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| kubernetes.systemd.unit.state | Unit state (active, inactive etc). |
| kubernetes.systemd.unit.start.time.seconds | Start time of the unit since epoch in seconds. |
| kubernetes.systemd.system.running | Whether the system is operational ( `systemctl is-system-running` ). |
| kubernetes.systemd.units | Top level summary of systemd unit states (# of active, inactive units etc). |
| kubernetes.systemd.service.restart.total | Service unit count of Restart triggers. |
| kubernetes.systemd.timer.last.trigger.seconds | Seconds since epoch of last trigger. |
| kubernetes.systemd.socket.accepted.connections.total | Total number of accepted socket connections. |
| kubernetes.systemd.socket.current.connections | Current number of socket connections. |
| kubernetes.systemd_socket_refused_connections_total | Total number of refused socket connections. |

## Telegraf Source

Host metrics:

| Metric Prefix | Metrics Collected |
|------------|-------------|
| mem. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/mem#metrics) |
| net. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/plugins/inputs/net/NET_README.md#measurements--fields) |
| netstat. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/plugins/inputs/net/NETSTAT_README.md#measurements) |
| linux.sysctl.fs. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/linux_sysctl_fs#linux-sysctl-fs-input) |
| swap. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/swap#metrics) |
| cpu. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/cpu#measurements) |
| disk. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/disk#metrics) |
| diskio. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/diskio#metrics) |
| system. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/system#metrics) |
| kernel. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/kernel#measurements--fields) |
| processes. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/processes#measurements--fields) |

Application metrics:

| Plugin Name | Metrics Collected |
|------------|-------------|
| activemq | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/activemq#measurements--fields) |
| apache | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/apache#measurements--fields) |
| consul | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/consul#metrics) |
| couchbase | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/couchbase#measurements) |
| couchdb | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/couchdb#measurements--fields) |
| haproxy | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/haproxy#metrics) |
| jolokia2 | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/jolokia2#jolokia2-input-plugins) |
| memcached | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/memcached#measurements--fields) |
| mongodb | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/mongodb#metrics) |
| mysql | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/mysql#metrics) |
| nginx | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/nginx#measurements--fields) |
| nginx plus | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/nginx_plus#measurements--fields) |
| postgresql | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/postgresql#postgresql-plugin) |
| rabbitmq | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/rabbitmq#measurements--fields) |
| redis | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/redis#measurements--fields) |
| riak | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/riak#measurements--fields) |
| zookeeper | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/zookeeper#metrics) |

## Collector Health Metrics

These are internal metrics about the health and configuration of the Wavefront Collector.

| Metric Name | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| kubernetes.collector.discovery.enabled | Whether discovery is enabled. 0 (false) or 1 (true). |
| kubernetes.collector.discovery.rules.count | # of discovery configuration rules. |
| kubernetes.collector.discovery.targets.registered | # of auto discovered scrape targets currently being monitored. |
| kubernetes.collector.events.* | Events received, sent and filtered. |
| kubernetes.collector.leaderelection.error | leader election error counter. Only emitted in daemonset mode. |
| kubernetes.collector.leaderelection.leading | 1 indicates a pod is the leader. 0 (no). Only emitted in daemonset mode. |
| kubernetes.collector.runtime.* | Go runtime metrics (MemStats, NumGoroutine etc). |
| kubernetes.collector.sink.manager.timeouts | Counter of timeouts in sending data to Wavefront. |
| kubernetes.collector.source.manager.providers | # of configured source providers. Includes sources configured via auto-discovery. |
| kubernetes.collector.source.manager.scrape.errors | Scrape error counter across all sources. |
| kubernetes.collector.source.manager.scrape.latency.* | Scrape latencies across all sources. |
| kubernetes.collector.source.manager.scrape.timeouts | Scrape timeout counter across all sources. |
| kubernetes.collector.source.manager.sources | # of configured scrape targets. For example, a single Kubernetes source provider on a 10 node cluster will yield a count of 10. |
| kubernetes.collector.source.points.collected | collected points counter per source type. |
| kubernetes.collector.source.points.filtered | filtered points counter per source type. |
| kubernetes.collector.version | The version of the collector. |
| kubernetes.collector.wavefront.points.* | Wavefront sink points sent, filtered, errors etc. |
| kubernetes.collector.wavefront.events.* | Wavefront sink events sent, filtered, errors etc. |
| kubernetes.collector.wavefront.sender.type | 1 for proxy and 0 for direct ingestion. |

## cAdvisor Metrics

cAdvisor exposes a prometheus endpoint which the collector can consume. See the [cAdvisor docs](https://github.com/google/cadvisor/blob/master/docs/storage/prometheus.md) for details on what metrics are available.

## Control Plane Metrics

These are metrics for the health of the Kubernetes Control Plane.

Metrics collected per type:

| Metric Name                                              | Description                                                                                         | K8s environment exceptions      |
|----------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| kube.apiserver.etcd.request.duration.seconds.bucket      | Histogram buckets for etcd request latency                                                          | -                               |
| kube.apiserver.etcd.object.counts.gauge                  | etcd object counts                                                                                  | -                               |
 | kube.apiserver.etcd.db.total.size.in.bytes.gauge         | etcd database size                                                                                  | -                               |
 | kube.apiserver.apiserver.request.duration.seconds.bucket | Histogram buckets for API server request latency                                                    | -                               |
 | kube.apiserver.apiserver.request.total.counter           | API server total request count                                                                      | -                               |
 | kube.apiserver.workqueue.adds.total.counter              | Current depth of API server workqueue                                                               | -                               |
| kube.apiserver.workqueue.queue.duration.seconds.bucket   | Histogram buckets for workqueue latency                                                             | -                               |
 | kube.coredns.coredns.dns.request.duration.seconds.bucket | Histogram buckets for CoreDNS request latency                                                       | Not available in GKE, OpenShift |
 | kube.coredns.coredns.dns.responses.total.counter         | CoreDNS total response count                                                                        | Not available in GKE, OpenShift |

Commit message:

Updates control plane documentation to match new source and prefix (#428)

docs/metrics.md, after:

# Metrics

## Table of Contents

* [Kubernetes Source](#kubernetes-source)
* [Kubernetes State Source](#kubernetes-state-source)
* [Prometheus Source](#prometheus-source)
* [Systemd Source](#systemd-source)
* [Telegraf Source](#telegraf-source)
* [Collector Health](#collector-health-metrics)
* [cAdvisor Metrics](#cadvisor-metrics)
* [Control Plane Metrics](#control-plane-metrics)

## Kubernetes Source

These metrics are collected from the `/stats/summary` endpoint on each [kubelet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kubelet/) running on a node.

Metrics collected per resource:

| Resource | Metrics |
|----------|---------|
| Cluster | CPU, Memory, Pod/Container counts |
| Namespace | CPU, Memory, Pod/Container counts |
| Nodes | CPU, Memory, Network, Filesystem, Storage, Uptime, Pod/Container counts |
| Pods | CPU, Memory, Network, Filesystem, Storage, Uptime, Restarts, Phase |
| Pod_Containers | CPU, Memory, Filesystem, Storage, Accelerator, Uptime, Restarts, Status |
| System_Containers | CPU, Memory, Uptime |

Metrics collected per type:

| Metric Name | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| cpu.limit | CPU hard limit in millicores. |
| cpu.node_capacity | CPU capacity of a node. |
| cpu.node_allocatable | CPU allocatable of a node in millicores. |
| cpu.node_reservation | Share of CPU that is reserved on the node allocatable in millicores. |
| cpu.node_utilization | CPU utilization as a share of node allocatable in millicores. |
| cpu.request | CPU request (the guaranteed amount of resources) in millicores. |
| cpu.usage | Cumulative amount of consumed CPU time on all cores in nanoseconds. |
| cpu.usage_rate | CPU usage on all cores in millicores. |
| cpu.usage_millicores | CPU usage (sum of all cores) averaged over the sample window in millicores. |
| cpu.load | CPU load in milliloads, i.e., runnable threads * 1000. |
| memory.limit | Memory hard limit in bytes. |
| memory.major_page_faults | Number of major page faults. |
| memory.major_page_faults_rate | Number of major page faults per second. |
| memory.node_capacity | Memory capacity of a node. |
| memory.node_allocatable | Memory allocatable of a node. |
| memory.node_reservation | Share of memory that is reserved on the node allocatable. |
| memory.node_utilization | Memory utilization as a share of memory allocatable based on memory.working_set. |
| memory.page_faults | Number of page faults. |
| memory.page_faults_rate | Number of page faults per second. |
| memory.request | Memory request (the guaranteed amount of resources) in bytes. |
| memory.usage | Total memory usage. |
| memory.cache | Cache memory usage. |
| memory.rss | RSS memory usage. |
| memory.working_set | Total working set usage. Working set is the memory being used and not easily dropped by the kernel. |
| network.rx | Cumulative number of bytes received over the network. |
| network.rx_errors | Cumulative number of errors while receiving over the network. |
| network.rx_errors_rate | Number of errors while receiving over the network per second. |
| network.rx_rate | Number of bytes received over the network per second. |
| network.tx | Cumulative number of bytes sent over the network. |
| network.tx_errors | Cumulative number of errors while sending over the network. |
| network.tx_errors_rate | Number of errors while sending over the network. |
| network.tx_rate | Number of bytes sent over the network per second. |
| filesystem.usage | Total number of bytes consumed on a filesystem. |
| filesystem.limit | The total size of filesystem in bytes. |
| filesystem.available | The number of available bytes remaining in a the filesystem. |
| filesystem.inodes | The number of available inodes in a the filesystem. |
| filesystem.inodes_free | The number of free inodes remaining in a the filesystem. |
| ephemeral_storage.limit | Local ephemeral storage hard limit in bytes. |
| ephemeral_storage.request | Local ephemeral storage request (the guaranteed amount of resources) in bytes. |
| ephemeral_storage.usage | Total local ephemeral storage usage. |
| ephemeral_storage.node_capacity | Local ephemeral storage capacity of a node. |
| ephemeral_storage.node_allocatable | Local ephemeral storage allocatable of a node. |
| ephemeral_storage.node_reservation | Share of local ephemeral storage that is reserved on the node allocatable. |
| ephemeral_storage.node_utilization | Local ephemeral utilization as a share of ephemeral storage allocatable. |
| accelerator.memory_total | Memory capacity of an accelerator. |
| accelerator.memory_used | Memory used of an accelerator. |
| accelerator.duty_cycle | Duty cycle of an accelerator. |
| accelerator.request | Number of accelerator devices requested by container. eg. nvidia.com.gpu.request |
| uptime  | Number of milliseconds since the container was started. |
| <cluster, ns, node>.pod.count | Pod counts by cluster, namespaces and nodes. |
| <cluster, ns, node>.pod_container.count | Container counts by cluster, namespaces and nodes. |

## Kubernetes State Source

These are cluster level metrics about the state of Kubernetes objects collected by the Collector leader instance.

| Resource | Metric Name | Description |
|----------|---------|-------------|
| Deployment | deployment.desired_replicas | Number of desired pods. |
| Deployment | deployment.available_replicas | Total number of available pods (ready for at least minReadySeconds). |
| Deployment | deployment.ready_replicas | Total number of ready pods. |
| Replicaset | replicaset.desired_replicas | Number of desired replicas. |
| Replicaset | replicaset.available_replicas | Number of available replicas (ready for at least minReadySeconds). |
| Replicaset | replicaset.ready_replicas | Number of ready replicas. |
| ReplicationController | replicationcontroller.desired_replicas | Number of desired replicas. |
| ReplicationController | replicationcontroller.available_replicas | Number of available replicas (ready for at least minReadySeconds). |
| ReplicationController | replicationcontroller.ready_replicas | Number of ready replicas. |
| Daemonset | daemonset.desired_scheduled | Total number of nodes that should be running the daemon pod. |
| Daemonset | daemonset.current_scheduled | Number of nodes that are running at least 1 daemon pod and are supposed to run the daemon pod. |
| Daemonset | daemonset.misscheduled | Number of nodes that are running the daemon pod, but are not supposed to run the daemon pod. |
| Daemonset | daemonset.ready | Number of nodes that should be running the daemon pod and have one or more of the daemon pod running and ready. |
| Statefulset | statefulset.desired_replicas | Number of desired replicas. |
| Statefulset | statefulset.current_replicas | Number of Pods created by the StatefulSet controller from the StatefulSet version indicated by currentRevision.
| Statefulset | statefulset.ready_replicas | Number of Pods created by the StatefulSet controller that have a Ready Condition. |
| Statefulset | statefulset.updated_replicas | Number of Pods created by the StatefulSet controller from the StatefulSet version indicated by updateRevision. |
| Job | job.active | Number of actively running pods. |
| Job | job.failed | Number of pods which reached phase Failed. |
| Job | job.succeeded | Number of pods which reached phase Succeeded. |
| Job | job.completions | Desired number of successfully finished pods the job should be run with. -1.0 indicates the value was not set. |
| Job | job.parallelism | Maximum desired number of pods the job should run at any given time. -1.0 indicates the value was not set. |
| CronJob | cronjob.active | Number of currently running jobs. |
| HorizontalPodAutoscaler | hpa.desired_replicas | Desired number of replicas of pods managed by this autoscaler as last calculated by the autoscaler. |
| HorizontalPodAutoscaler | hpa.min_replicas | Lower limit for the number of replicas to which the autoscaler can scale down. |
| HorizontalPodAutoscaler | hpa.max_replicas | Upper limit for the number of replicas to which the autoscaler can scale up. |
| HorizontalPodAutoscaler | hpa.current_replicas | Current number of replicas of pods managed by this autoscaler, as last seen by the autoscaler. |
| Node | node.status.condition | Status of all running nodes. |
| Node | node.spec.taint | Node taints (one metric per node taint). |
| Node | node.info | Detailed node information (kernel version, kubelet version etc). |

## Prometheus Source

Varies by scrape target.

## Systemd Source

These are Linux systemd metrics that can be collected by each Collector instance.

| Metric Name | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| kubernetes.systemd.unit.state | Unit state (active, inactive etc). |
| kubernetes.systemd.unit.start.time.seconds | Start time of the unit since epoch in seconds. |
| kubernetes.systemd.system.running | Whether the system is operational ( `systemctl is-system-running` ). |
| kubernetes.systemd.units | Top level summary of systemd unit states (# of active, inactive units etc). |
| kubernetes.systemd.service.restart.total | Service unit count of Restart triggers. |
| kubernetes.systemd.timer.last.trigger.seconds | Seconds since epoch of last trigger. |
| kubernetes.systemd.socket.accepted.connections.total | Total number of accepted socket connections. |
| kubernetes.systemd.socket.current.connections | Current number of socket connections. |
| kubernetes.systemd_socket_refused_connections_total | Total number of refused socket connections. |

## Telegraf Source

Host metrics:

| Metric Prefix | Metrics Collected |
|------------|-------------|
| mem. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/mem#metrics) |
| net. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/plugins/inputs/net/NET_README.md#measurements--fields) |
| netstat. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/plugins/inputs/net/NETSTAT_README.md#measurements) |
| linux.sysctl.fs. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/linux_sysctl_fs#linux-sysctl-fs-input) |
| swap. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/swap#metrics) |
| cpu. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/cpu#measurements) |
| disk. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/disk#metrics) |
| diskio. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/diskio#metrics) |
| system. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/system#metrics) |
| kernel. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/kernel#measurements--fields) |
| processes. | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/processes#measurements--fields) |

Application metrics:

| Plugin Name | Metrics Collected |
|------------|-------------|
| activemq | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/activemq#measurements--fields) |
| apache | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/apache#measurements--fields) |
| consul | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/consul#metrics) |
| couchbase | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/couchbase#measurements) |
| couchdb | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/couchdb#measurements--fields) |
| haproxy | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/haproxy#metrics) |
| jolokia2 | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/jolokia2#jolokia2-input-plugins) |
| memcached | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/memcached#measurements--fields) |
| mongodb | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/mongodb#metrics) |
| mysql | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/mysql#metrics) |
| nginx | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/nginx#measurements--fields) |
| nginx plus | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/nginx_plus#measurements--fields) |
| postgresql | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/postgresql#postgresql-plugin) |
| rabbitmq | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/rabbitmq#measurements--fields) |
| redis | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/redis#measurements--fields) |
| riak | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/riak#measurements--fields) |
| zookeeper | [metrics list](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/1.10.4/plugins/inputs/zookeeper#metrics) |

## Collector Health Metrics

These are internal metrics about the health and configuration of the Wavefront Collector.

| Metric Name | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| kubernetes.collector.discovery.enabled | Whether discovery is enabled. 0 (false) or 1 (true). |
| kubernetes.collector.discovery.rules.count | # of discovery configuration rules. |
| kubernetes.collector.discovery.targets.registered | # of auto discovered scrape targets currently being monitored. |
| kubernetes.collector.events.* | Events received, sent and filtered. |
| kubernetes.collector.leaderelection.error | leader election error counter. Only emitted in daemonset mode. |
| kubernetes.collector.leaderelection.leading | 1 indicates a pod is the leader. 0 (no). Only emitted in daemonset mode. |
| kubernetes.collector.runtime.* | Go runtime metrics (MemStats, NumGoroutine etc). |
| kubernetes.collector.sink.manager.timeouts | Counter of timeouts in sending data to Wavefront. |
| kubernetes.collector.source.manager.providers | # of configured source providers. Includes sources configured via auto-discovery. |
| kubernetes.collector.source.manager.scrape.errors | Scrape error counter across all sources. |
| kubernetes.collector.source.manager.scrape.latency.* | Scrape latencies across all sources. |
| kubernetes.collector.source.manager.scrape.timeouts | Scrape timeout counter across all sources. |
| kubernetes.collector.source.manager.sources | # of configured scrape targets. For example, a single Kubernetes source provider on a 10 node cluster will yield a count of 10. |
| kubernetes.collector.source.points.collected | collected points counter per source type. |
| kubernetes.collector.source.points.filtered | filtered points counter per source type. |
| kubernetes.collector.version | The version of the collector. |
| kubernetes.collector.wavefront.points.* | Wavefront sink points sent, filtered, errors etc. |
| kubernetes.collector.wavefront.events.* | Wavefront sink events sent, filtered, errors etc. |
| kubernetes.collector.wavefront.sender.type | 1 for proxy and 0 for direct ingestion. |

## cAdvisor Metrics

cAdvisor exposes a prometheus endpoint which the collector can consume. See the [cAdvisor docs](https://github.com/google/cadvisor/blob/master/docs/storage/prometheus.md) for details on what metrics are available.

## Control Plane Metrics

These are metrics for the health of the Kubernetes Control Plane.

Metrics collected per type:

| Metric Name                                              | Description                                                                                         | K8s environment exceptions      |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------|
| kubernetes.node.cpu.node_utilization (node_role="control-plane")    | CPU utilization as a share of the contol-plane node allocatable in millicores.                                               | Not available in AKS, EKS, GKE  |
| kubernetes.node.memory.working_set (node_role="control-plane")      | Total working set usage of the control-plane node. Working set is the memory being used and not easily dropped by the kernel.| Not available in AKS, EKS, GKE  |
| kubernetes.node.filesystem.usage (node_role="control-plane")        | Total number of bytes consumed on a filesyste of the control-plane node                                                      | Not available in AKS, EKS, GKE  |
| kubernetes.controlplane.etcd.object.counts.gauge                    | etcd object counts                                                                                                           | -                               |
| kubernetes.controlplane.etcd.db.total.size.in.bytes.gauge           | etcd database size                                                                                                           | -                               |
| kubernetes.controlplane.apiserver.request.duration.seconds.bucket   | Histogram buckets for API server request latency                                                                             | -                               |
| kubernetes.controlplane.apiserver.request.total.counter             | API server total request count                                                                                               | -                               |
| kubernetes.controlplane.workqueue.adds.total.counter                | Current depth of API server workqueue                                                                                        | -                               |
| kubernetes.controlplane.workqueue.queue.duration.seconds.bucket     | Histogram buckets for workqueue latency                                                                                      | -                               |
| kubernetes.controlplane.coredns.dns.request.duration.seconds.bucket | Histogram buckets for CoreDNS request latency                                                                                | Not available in GKE, OpenShift |
| kubernetes.controlplane.coredns.dns.responses.total.counter         | CoreDNS total response count                                                                                                 | Not available in GKE, OpenShift |
