docs/openshift.md, before:

# Installation and configuration on OpenShift Origin 3.9

1. Log in to the Openshift master node.
2. Log in to the Openshift cluster:
```
oc login -u <ADMIN_USER>
```
3. Clone this Repo.
4. Create `wavefront-collector` namespace:
```
cd deploy/openshift
oc create -f 0-collector-namespace.yaml
```
**Note**: If you are planning to use the Wavefront proxy steps 5 and 6 are needed. if you're doing direct ingestion, go to step 7.

5. Log in to the Openshift web console and create storage under `wavefront-collector`:
   * Select **Access Mode** as `RWX`
   * Set **Size** to `5 GiB`
   * Give a name to the storage and make a note of it.

6. Replace YOUR_CLUSTER, YOUR_API_TOKEN and STORAGE_NAME in `1-wavefront-proxy.yaml` and run:
```
oc create -f 1-wavefront-proxy.yaml
```
7. Deploy kube-state-metrics into your cluster:
```
oc create -f 2-kube-state.yaml
```
8. Edit the `wavefront` sink and `clusterName` in `collector/3-collector-deployment.yaml` based on the selected metric ingestion approach as given below.
#### Using Wavefront Proxy

```
--sink=wavefront:?proxyAddress=wavefront-proxy.wavefront-collector.svc.cluster.local:2878&clusterName=openshift-cluster&includeLabels=true
```

#### Using Direct Ingestion
```
--sink=wavefront:?server=https://<YOUR_INSTANCE>.wavefront.com&token=<YOUR_TOKEN>&clusterName=openshift-cluster&includeLabels=true
```
9. Deploy the Wavefront Collector
```
oc create -f collector
```

Commit message:

Minor doc changes (#18)
* Minor doc changes

* Minor doc fixes

* Update openshift.md

docs/openshift.md, after:

# Installation and configuration on OpenShift
This page contains the Installation and Configuration steps to monitor Openshift using Wavefront Kubernetes Collector.

**Supported Versions**: Openshift Origin 3.9

1. Log in to the Openshift master node.
2. Log in to the Openshift cluster:
```
oc login -u <ADMIN_USER>
```
3. Clone this Repo.
4. Create `wavefront-collector` namespace:
```
cd deploy/openshift
oc create -f 0-collector-namespace.yaml
```
**Note**: If you are planning to use the Wavefront proxy steps 5 and 6 are needed. if you're doing direct ingestion, go to step 7.

5. Log in to the Openshift web console and create storage under `wavefront-collector`:
   * Select **Access Mode** as `RWX`
   * Set **Size** to `5 GiB`
   * Give a name to the storage and make a note of it.

6. Replace YOUR_CLUSTER, YOUR_API_TOKEN and STORAGE_NAME in `1-wavefront-proxy.yaml` and run:
```
oc create -f 1-wavefront-proxy.yaml
```
7. Deploy kube-state-metrics into your cluster:
```
oc create -f 2-kube-state.yaml
```
8. Edit the `wavefront` sink and `clusterName` in `collector/3-collector-deployment.yaml` based on the selected metric ingestion approach as given below.
#### Using Wavefront Proxy

```
--sink=wavefront:?proxyAddress=wavefront-proxy.wavefront-collector.svc.cluster.local:2878&clusterName=openshift-cluster&includeLabels=true
```

#### Using Direct Ingestion
```
--sink=wavefront:?server=https://<YOUR_INSTANCE>.wavefront.com&token=<YOUR_TOKEN>&clusterName=openshift-cluster&includeLabels=true
```
9. Deploy the Wavefront Collector
```
oc create -f collector
```
